== Test tasks

After clone application put in console

  bundle install
  bundle exec rake db:migrate

===№1 Feedback module

RSpec+capybara test for feedback form.

====Usage

Visit main paige, click link +Feed back+ than put email format: +example@mail.com+
write some text into text field and click 'Send' button. You will be redirected to
+contacts/new+

===№2 Trello wrapper

Use Trello API to fit following flow of usage

==== Configuration

Add +HOME/.trellorc+ file with format

  developer_public_key: <key>
  member_token: <token>

to authenticate to trello API. <key> and <token> you can get here https://trello.com/app-key
All files are located in +HOME/lib/trello_api+

==== Usage

Put in Rails console

  require_relative 'lib/trello_api/trello_board'
  board = TrelloBoard.new(boardid: "someid")
  board.create_card!(title: "sometitle", description: "somedescription", list_id: "SomeID")

===№3 Rake Task and Sidekiq Worker

Rake task that query Rubygems API for all the versions of Rails gem.
Check versions in local DB and download it if not found.

====Configuration

Copy config/app.expample.yml to config/app.yml and put your settings

  cp config/app.example.yml config/app.yml

Change local path to save gems

  path:'/home/some_user/gems/' # local path for saving gems

====Usage

Put in console

  rake 'check_gems[gem_name]'

to check gem with name 'gem_name'

===№4 Template

A responsive design.

put +/template+ to see the page

===№5 Storage

Allow to add pictures via S3 Amazon services.
Use dragonfly gem to add picrures.
Shows all uploaded pictures in 100x100px format.

====Configuration

Add S3 variables to environments in secrets.yml for example

 development:
     ENV:
         S3_BUCKET_NAME: 'your bucket name'
         S3_ACCESS_KEY:  'your access_key_id'
         S3_SECRET_KEY:  'your secret_access_key'

Configure dragonfly.rb file by your S3 variables from secrets.yml:

  datastore :s3,
    bucket_name:       ENV['S3_BUCKET_NAME'],
    access_key_id:     ENV['S3_ACCESS_KEY'],
    secret_access_key: ENV['S3_SECRET_KEY']

See https://github.com/markevans/dragonfly-s3_data_store for more information about configure dragonfly.rb.

=======
